Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedprogramming-data-structures-assignment-3
<br>
Assignment 3 is a search/sort comparison program. Your program should read in words from files called As3Small.txt and As3Large.txt (file to use chosen by the user). You are to provide one small file and one large file (you decide how big and small the files should be and discuss in your report – will give a good idea of how you think about testing your program). You can put the words all on the same line or on multiple lines. It doesn’t matter which way you choose, just document your reasoning behind the decision. For multiple occurrences of words, keep track of how many times the word appears in the file. Do not have multiple occurrences of words in your array. The number of occurrences of words should be printed out if a word is found in a search.For the program, have a menu that will allow the user to see a comparison table for either sorts or searches, an option to run one specific sort, an option to run one specific search, and an option to quit. The table option should run all the sorts or searches (with searches, ask the user to enter a word to search for) and print the following information for each search or sort:Sorts: Which Sort No. of Comparisons No. of Swaps Time taken to complete sortSearch: Which Search No. of Comparisons Whether it was found or not Time taken to complete search No. of Occurrences of a wordBe aware that the user should have a choice to see the sorts or searches, but not both. Also, allow the user to select the file to run the comparison against. Be careful not to run the different sorts on a sorted array and also don’t include loading from file in the time taken. The other options should allow the user to run a single sort or search. For a sort on the small test file, the user should see the progression lines like what we put on the board. Again, the user should be able to select which file to use. Be aware that if you show progression lines on the large file, it will take a long time and be very confusing output. Progression lines should not be shown when doing the comparison option. The sorts that you should include are selection, insertion, bubble, merge, and quick. As for searches, include linear, binary, and quadratic. Be sure to think through what would be the most user friendly for all of this to work and is the most efficient for the user. In addition to your program, you should include, attached to the coversheet, a performance analysis for the sorts and searches. You should compare and contrast their performance in real-time compared to worst case. The results from your tests using both the small and large files should guide you in your analysis and conclusions. You might want to play around with different configurations of unsorted data. Ultimately you should have a clearer of picture of when each sort and search should be used and be able to articulate why. Make sure you comment your classes. When you are finished, upload the java files, your 2 test files, and your report to the Assignment Drop-box. Be sure to attach your performance analysis report to your signed coversheet and turn both of them in. The program is at the beginning of class on